# **January 2026**

### January, 19

**Reducing KYC requirements in the Internet of Labour platform**

The Internet of Labour and its authors are not interested at all in identifying your personality. The mission of the non-profit ecosystem/platform Internet of Labour is to give the unemployed a choice to provide services for decent pay instead of killing by them the rich or stealing from honest/poor people.

DDN News: While the management of Internet of Labour (iol) is going through the stages of self-organisation of Labor as Capital DAO, the iol authors have decided to increase the number of iol-connect API endpoints available without passing your account identity verification (KYC). Specifically:

1. Payment of bills using IOU of the iol ecosystem.
2. Management of SINHRO, except for exchange into national currencies. The KYC requirement for using national currencies (or their central banks) is not a requirement from iol - it is a requirement of the laws of the countries of those currencies.
3. Private correspondences and reading of support groups for iol apps.

Unfortunately, we cannot open video/audio conference calls without KYC via the iolMSC protocol in order to avoid close scrutiny from regulators toward such types of communication nowadays.

An announcement about the availability of these updates in the NiXeL application will be made separately after testing the changes.

We remind you that upon successful completion of automatic identity verification (KYC) of your iol account, 40 IOU are credited, which corresponds to 40 hours of minimum wage in the country where the service is provided through iol apps.

Source origin: [https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7418938575972483072](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7418938575972483072)
